{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My soundscape narrative is designed to showcase the more ambient sounds of my childhood home. One of the most notable sounds in this piece that carries throughout is constant talking and chatter in the background. While this may seem inherently out of place for a childhood home, my parents always had a lot of friends over and social gatherings, so many of my memories involve sitting on the staircase trying to listen in on adult conversations. Some other notable sounds are than of computer games and cartoons, another large staple of childhood. I tried to mesh all of these sounds together to showcase how my child-brain would have been processing all of these things constantly happening around me. I faced some trials when completing this project when it came to editing individual sounds. I attempted to distort or prolong a few but face some subsequent troubles in doing so. I also faced some issue when trying to record my own sounds since I don\'92t have any proper equipment on hand, so white noise ended up being the loudest part of most of my pre-recorded sounds. For that reason I chose to scope out as many royalty free sounds as possible. }